Delegate 82304 hotfix for CDS-91499, ZD-57892 (#5387)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

## February 2024

### Version 24.02.82304 <!--  February 12, 2024 -->

#### Hotfix

> - Fixed an issue in ECS Blue Green Deployments when ecs service gets deleted after first/second deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in ECS Blue Green deployments where the ECS service was deleted after the first or second deployment. (CDS-91499, ZD-57892)
```

> (CDS-91499, ZD-57892)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
